[NEMESIS gasps]
Ray!
[LILIANA grunts] Don't you die
on us! Using a Force Heal!
Anybody with extra MP
come over here!
We have a downed Paladin
that needs help!
The rest of you, follow me
and let's go save
Her Highness Elizabeth!
[KNIGHTS]
Yes, sir!
Restoring his HP's no
problem, but his arm....
It's so charred,
I won't be able to heal it.
All that matters is
keeping him alive.
I know Ray, and he doesn't
want to back out now.
[ALL gasp]
[FRANKLIN] Congratulations
are certainly in order!
You've made it 251 seconds
past the deadline, and look!
Not one of my lovely creations
is wreaking havoc.
Though, there were causalities.
Sadly, my remote was
broken in the process.
Guess you won't get
the chance to see
my modded monstrosities.
[FRANKLIN chuckles]
As luck would have it,
I just happen to have
a spare remote.
After all that.
One can never be too
prepared in a world
of infinite possibilities.
And did I mention, this one
doesn't have a timer built in?
All it takes is a little push!
Push, push, push...
We defeated you!
[FRANKLIN laughing]
Don't get me wrong,
the battle had me on
the edge of my seat.
But the ending needed
a major rewrite!
[NEMESIS growls]
I want you to take over
treating Ray, understood?
[FRANKLIN] What do we have here?
Despite her injuries,
Miss Vice‐Captain's off to
protect the city and its people.
Or maybe she's aiming
to try and take me down?
Man. How selfless of you!
We can't have that.
Call: DGP and KOS!
How many does he have?
[FRANKLIN] I didn't have
the heart to tell RSK,
but he was my weakest
pawn on the board.
These sugar dumplings
on the other hand
have the battle strength
of a Legendary UBM.
The Ray Starling Killer was
more about poetic justice.
Seeing as how he took down
my Demi‐Drag Worms
back in the Orchard,
I figured it would only
be appropriate to design
a higher‐tiered beastie of the
same type to break his spirit.
But, sigh, he managed
to end up beating me.
Again.
Which means the current
score is me zero, Ray two.
And don't think for an instant
I won't get back at him
for this humiliation.
Regardless, I have no intention
of losing a second time tonight.
[NEMESIS growls]
Now, let's get a good look
at Gideon's demise.
What gives? There should
be chaos in the streets.
The remote seems to be
functioning properly.
Which means there must be
some issue with the devices.
But you'd need major Conceal
skills in order to find them.
So, she's still kicking.
[MARIE sighs] I do love
a good treasure hunt.
Franklin must not know my
Conceal Sense is top‐notch.
You can't get anything past me.
[FRANKLIN]
Oh‐ho! Now isn't that funny.
Everyone's so intent
on ruining my plans.
It's getting to be a
little disheartening.
So, the plot's failed.
[ROOK]
No. Not yet, at least.
Meaning?
Franklin won't
give up so easily.
Like he said,
both the A and B plan failed.
He's out of options.
Don't tell me you
sincerely believe that.
I do. We wanted to limit
the tian causalities.
He promised me that he would.
[sighs] You can't see Franklin
for what he is. I pity you.
I may be idealistic,
but I am not blind.
Well, from where I stand,
the man's perfectly
capable of slaughter.
[HUGO] You're wrong!
We're the same.
He understands tians
aren't just NPCs!
Both of us see them as living,
breathing beings!
Is that going to stop him
from killing them?
Didn't you hear
a word I just said?
He won't! He swore.
I've known him for a long time.
Just what do you know
about him, anyway?
Honestly, not much.
The extent of my
knowledge is based on
what I've heard
and tonight's incident.
Never once spoken with
him directly. And yet,
I can say with confidence
my assumptions are correct.
[HUGO]
How?
Because Hugo, unlike you,
I don't know him on
a personal level.
Everything I've been witness
to firsthand so far,
tells me he's got something even
more sinister up his sleeve.
Any sane person would
draw the same conclusion.
The fact is, you're probably
the only one who hasn't.
[gasps]
[ROOK] You trust him with
all your heart, right?
Then allow me to hit you
with a logical deduction.
I'm listening.
Any minute now, Franklin's going
to announce something vile.
I probably shouldn't
say this out loud,
but there's nothing keeping
those scary meatheads
from leaving the arena
and coming here.
So this is your fault.
You forced me to
carry out Plan C.
[gasps]
The "C" stands for "Crisis."
I'm talking the complete
annihilation of Gideon
at the hands of my
modded monsters.
All 56,826 of 'em.
[NEMESIS] Did he just say he has
over 56,000 modded monsters?
If only you had taken the
hint sooner and given up!
Then I would've destroyed you
in a more humane fashion.
He's going to summon
beasts using his Jewel!
Cut him down before
he gets the chance!
Please, how inefficient!
Imagine bringing
them out individually.
I wouldn't reach ten thousand
before daybreak!
Optical Disguise: cancel!
What's that?
[NEMESIS gasps]
[FRANKLIN] May I present
my Superior Embryo.
Type. Plant Fortress: Magic
Beast Factory, Pandemonium!
[gasping]
[FRANKLIN] Now then, what do you
say we start things off small?
Maybe 5,000 from
my Suicide Series?
[CREATURES roaring]
[FRANKLIN] Man, it feels good
to just let it all out.
We still have a shot at this!
They'll stop after
Franklin's killed!
[FRANKLIN]
Yeah. That's a no‐go. Sorry.
Death's the only thing that'll
make them pump the brakes.
Matter of fact, even I've got
no way of stopping them!
But I don't understand.
Aren't they your monsters?
[FRANKLIN] Sure are. I made
them using Pandemonium,
but you know what
they say about art:
once you release it into the
world, it's no longer yours.
And that release felt
so damn good!
Release? What are
you talking about?
[FRANKLIN]
Heh. Come now.
Haven't you heard of a little
thing called minion capacity?
Don't gimme so much credit.
I'm a superior.
But not even I could
oversee 5,000.
And no need to worry.
They won't come near me.
Each one was properly programmed
before being set loose.
These beauties will keep
marching forward till they die,
like a pack of
homicidal lemmings.
Slaughtering everything
in their path,
save for my clan members and any
of my other lovely creations.
Impressive?
As you can see, they live up
to the Suicide Series brand!
Tu as compris?
[NEMESIS] We're outnumbered.
There's no way we can take on
that many of Franklin's
monstrosities!
Fight back,
but it's kinda too late.
[RAY]
I'll buy us time!
[NEMESIS, LILIANA gasp]
Ray!
Silver!
Nemesis! Let's go!
[NEMESIS]
Right!
[FRANKLIN laughing]
You're making me tear up!
Kid, the smart move would've
been to stay unconscious.
In case it's not clear to you,
the battle's over!
[RAY] Not yet. My fight's
far from being over!
I won't stop.
Even if I can't stand up
or swing my blade.
As long as I'm faced with
injustice, I will never yield!
[RAY] Liliana, you and your
soldiers handle Pandemonium!
[RAY]
Hellish Miasma!
[DINOS groan]
[LIONS roar]
[NEMESIS]
Ray!
[gasps]
Watch out!
[LION B roaring]
[WOMAN] Looks like you
could use some help.
The numbers are on their side.
So it only makes sense
for us to cooperate for now.
You said it. Thanks for
the help, Marie.
What name did you just call me?
[PANTHER A roars]
[MARIE]
How long have you known?
[RAY] I couldn't tell
when we first met,
but now, I'm able to make
you out through the mist.
[MARIE]
Yeah. It's me.
[MARIE] And here I was
trying to hide my identity
with Voice Change. Man,
do I feel like an idiot.
[NEMESIS] All this time, Marie
was the Superior Killer.
[MARIE] Short answer, yeah, but
let's save the longer discussion
for another time.
Sure thing, but you owe me
a duel when this is over!
[MARIE] You name the place, just
don't expect me to hold back.
[RAY grunts]
Ha! There's only two of you!
Stop acting as if you've got
a chance. You really think
you have what it takes to
hold back 5,000 monsters?
Like hell you do!
Then we'll just have to
stop them with 20!
[RAY grunts]
Rook, You made it!
Naturally! Um...
I don't believe you and I have
met. Hey, McBlackmist!
McBlackmist?
Don't you recognize me?
[FRANKLIN]
They can't win.
It's an army versus
a handful of newbs.
Plus some high‐rank Masters,
who ought to be Frozen solid.
Speaking of, even if Yu
ate the penalty for dying,
La Porte de l'Enfer should
stay active for an hour.
Unless...
Don't tell me you canceled it.
Though, I guess I betrayed
you first, sister.
Like it even matters.
Combining forces still only
leaves you with 22!
But if you think
you're strong enough
to take on this surge
of magical beasts,
by all means, prove me wrong!
We have to break through
the barrier, now!
[MASTERS grunt]
I'll leave this to you. If
the one down below or the two
in the stands try making a move,
you know the drill.
Where are you headed
off to now?
[SHU] To seize the possibility
that my brother's given us.
Their spirits still
haven't broken.
[FRANKLIN] Well, then.
Well, well, well, well.
[FRANKLIN] Some people need it
spelled out for them.
You've overstayed
your welcome, newbie!
Do I have to kill you myself?
DGP!
[DRAGON A roars]
[KNIGHTS gasp]
[KNIGHT A]
Don't let it get through!
[KNIGHT B yelps]
You want something to
chew on, eat this! Huh?
[MASTER C screams]
Now! Trishula!
Charybdis!
Casting Grootslang!
[MASTERS yelp]
[DRAGON A roars]
[MARIE]
Dammit!
Bounced right off!
It must be part Dragon King
since it's using the
same kind of Aura!
The longer we hesitate,
the worse this is going to get.
Arc‐en‐Cie‐‐ [gasps]
Heads‐up!
[RAY gasps]
[exhales]
[NEMESIS]
Ray.
I know. This is probably
my last stand.
But I'm not about to
go down without a fight.
Be ready the second that
thing attacks, Nemesis.
We're gonna throw a
counter in its face!
[DRAGON A roars]
Bring it on!
[SHU]
I'm all in for taking risks,
but I'd recommend saving this
one for another day.
Those counters should only
be used in situations
where you can kill
the enemy and survive.
Dying while the
other guy escapes?
That's not what
I call a fair trade.
You can do much better, grizz.
Heh. Guess I can drop
the whole "grizz" thing.
[MARIE]
Ah, ya big show off.
Typical Ray,
diving in head first,
but at least you're still alive.
You actually made it out!
Yeah of course, just
like I promised you.
Yo! Testing, one two!
Can you hear me up there?
Yes. You friggin' loudmouth.
I have an announcement
for you, Franklin.
Can't wait to hear this.
[SHU] For someone with
the foresight to have two
backup plans, you made a
colossal mistake tonight.
You should never
have antagonized
my little brother and me.
Now that my wrath's awakened,
the King of Destruction
will live up to his title,
and destroy all
of your creations!
[CREATURES roar]
[FRANKLIN]
Are you serious?
Those are Superior‐equivalent
Demi‐Dragon‐class monsters,
and this clown is just
punching through them like
wet paper bags.
[FRANKLIN]
Well, this is garbage.
It's bad enough the King of
Destruction's job level
is at one thousand eighty.
But over a hundred
thousand strength?
Based on that stat alone,
he might just be the most
powerful Master in Dendrogram,
as well as the most imbalanced.
That's all he invested in.
His agility's barely
cracking four digits.
But something's off.
If he hasn't upgraded his speed,
how are monsters that
are faster than him
not even managing
to land a single blow?
Seems his IRL
martial arts skills
give him an in‐game boost.
[FIGARO] "If your foe
is ten times faster,
just read ten moves ahead."
[XUNYU]
What's that supposed to mean?
[FIGARO] Simple, he's predicting
the enemy's actions,
then selecting his attacks
based on their trajectory,
striking weak points
they're unable to defend.
[XUNYU] Earlier in the lobby, he
managed to deflect my attack.
But reading ten moves ahead?
Give me a break.
Who can even do that?
[FIGARO]
You're looking at him.
He dabbled in martial
arts back in the day.
[XUNYU] Martial arts, huh?
Certainly shows.
Hold up a sec. What happened
to his bear costume?
Better yet, what's with
his new get up?
[FIGARO]
That's the Mythical Godcloth.
A convertible piece of gear.
[XUNYU]
Since you know everything...
[FIGARO]
Go on.
[XUNYU] When do you suppose
the loser in the lab coat's
gonna trigger the
thing under us?
[FIGARO] I'm willing to bet it's
a tactical self‐destruct
monster. I.e, he'll use it
after his Plan C fails.
Basically, any minute now.
[XUNYU]
Whatever's waiting for us,
I'll take it out with
my ultimate skill.
Which leaves you the other job.
[FIGARO]
Those two are less predictable.
But as soon as either one of
them goes on the offensive,
so will I.
[XUNYU laughs]
They won't be easy to defeat.
[FIGARO]
Yeah, but it's gonna be fun.
[XUNYU]
Can't argue with that.
[LEVIATHAN]
Amazing.
He's using some tricks,
but for the most part,
it's pure brute strength.
What a feeling to be hit by him.
Or better yet, getting the
chance to hit him back.
[laughs]
[BEHEMOTH]
He's like some kind of hero.
[gasps]
[LEVIATHAN]
Absolutely.
[BEHEMOTH]
I wonder who's more powerful,
him or the Queen of Monsters?
[LEVIATHAN]
We're going to find out.
[FRANKLIN] I've poured over the
King of Destruction's skills
and stats, studying them,
and even though I was
surprised by what I found,
the end result'll be the same.
What good is all that
power and grit?
In the end, the numbers
are on my side.
I have 50,000 Suicide Series
monsters at my disposal,
ready to swarm every
district of Gideon.
The city may be able to handle
a focused attack at one gate,
but with monsters invading from
every conceivable direction,
they'll be overrun.
Inevitably, some
percentage of the horde
will make it past the walls.
March onward! And let
the fall of Gideon be‐‐
What the...? Artillery?
[FRANKLIN]
It's a damn battleship!
[BALDR]
Twin Quintuple Cannons.
Firebombs loaded.
Barrage unleashed!
[BALDR]
Stardust Genocider.
Bloody Laser Storm.
Just who invited you?
A wide‐scale extermination type?
[FRANKLIN]
Game over then? Huh.
Plan A was foiled.
Courtesy of Ray Starling.
Plan B, thanks to
the Superior Killer.
But worst of all...
Plan C, the most
elaborate of the bunch,
was pulverized to ash by
the King of Destruction.
What a joke.
I spend hours crafting three
different foolproof schemes,
only for them to whip out
bigger guns every time.
You know, ya can't help
but laugh out loud.
Enough of this farce.
I know how this is going to end,
and it's not with me winning.
Very well.
I'll just delete their victory,
and by extension, my defeat.
[RAY] "Those Who Bind
the Possibilities."